[Doc] Update the Type system section (#3010)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/basic/type.md

The _category_ can be one of:

- `i` for signed integers, e.g. 24, -32
- `u` for unsigned integers, e.g. 128, 256
- `f` for floating point numbers, e.g. 3.14, 1.0, 1e-4

> The _digital number_ can be one of:

Reviewer: In the first paragraph of `## Primitive types` we call this `a number of _precision bits_`, while here we refer to this as `_digital number_`. I'm not sure whether this slight inconsistency will affect readers.

Author: I think it is fine. the_ digital number_ is the number of _precision bits_. It is also explained after the definition.

`f64` is not allowed. Use this operation with caution.

```python
@ti.kernel
def foo():
    a = 3.14
    b = ti.bit_cast(a, ti.i32) # 1078523331
    c = ti.bit_cast(b, ti.f32) # 3.14
```

:::note
For people from C++, `ti.bit_cast` is equivalent to `reinterpret_cast`.
:::

## Compound types

User-defined compound types can be created using the `ti.types` module. Supported compound types include vectors, matrices, and structs:

```python
my_vec2i = ti.types.vector(2, ti.i32)
my_vec3f = ti.types.vector(3, float)
my_mat2f = ti.types.matrix(2, 2, float)
my_ray3f = ti.types.struct(ro=my_vec3f, rd=my_vec3f, l=ti.f32)
```

### Creating fields

Fields of a user-defined compound type can be created with the `.field()` method of a Compound Type:

```python
vec1 = my_vec2i.field(shape=(128, 128, 128))
mat2 = my_mat2f.field(shape=(24, 32))
ray3 = my_ray3f.field(shape=(1024, 768))

# is equivalent to:
vec1 = ti.Vector.field(2, dtype=ti.i32, shape=(128, 128, 128))
mat2 = ti.Matrix.field(2, 2, dtype=ti.i32, shape=(24, 32))
ray3 = ti.Struct.field({'ro': my_vec3f, 'rd': my_vec3f, 'l': ti.f32}, shape=(1024, 768))
```

### Creating local variables

> Compound types can be directly called to create vectorm, matrix or struct instances. Vectors, matrices and structs can be created using GLSL-like broadcast syntax since the their shapes are already known:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compound types can be directly called to create vector, matrix or struct instances. Vectors, matrices and structs can be created using GLSL-like broadcast syntax since their shapes are already known:
```
